- Previously on
"South of Hell"...
- Abigail, the next time
you lay a finger on my brother,
I'll kill you and me both.
- Reverend Elijah Bledsoe.
You took that curse
of the demon,
you turned it into a gift.
- Where did you get this?
- I was there
when the police raided
your father's compound.
- [screaming]
- [screams]
- Got anything for me?
- You still owe me
for the last get-go.
- I know where to get
the money.
- Five-digit items
are upstairs.
Don't you want
to see the goods?
- Think you remember
my daughter.
The doctors can't cure her.
Only you.
- You're not Mommy.
[both growling]
- Mine now!
- Enos is back.
- Give your daddy a hug.
- His spirit could be
inside anybody.
- Reminds me of Sangolo.
That's where the Order
of Everlasting went.
- I've tried ruling in hell.
It isn't all it's
cracked up to be.
[growling indistinctly]
- Miss Genie Pool,
with all that anger,
you're making me swoon.
- What about Enos?
- When that son of a bitch
shows his face,
I'll make him wish
he stayed in hell.
- You used to sit outside
with me at night,
taught me
the constellations.
- [chuckles]
- Think about Grace.
She's rare and she needs
to be protected.
- I'm not afraid of Enos.
- If you knew him,
you would be!
- So we're clear,
David's mine.
- I don't mean to cause
any trouble.
- Girls like you never do.
- What's that?
- David,
the Candy Man's here!
- Killing Bledsoe
is your initiation
back to
the Order of Everlasting.
- [groans]
- Maria!
- No!
- What is that power she has?
- She has a spirit inside her
you cannot imagine.
- I'm ready to spend
some time with someone.
- I want to, but I'm just
not ready yet.
- Crazy things
are happening to me.
I need to know the truth
about my mother.
- Grace, you are
the most perfect thing
I have ever seen.
- Stay away from David.
- I think I'm in love
with her.
- You just made
the biggest mistake.
- The rune is the mark
of an angel.
- Grace is an angel.
- Maria's strong enough
to defeat Enos.
- She's not.
We need both of them.
Devil and the angel
to stop Enos.
- What is this place?
- You're in Purgatory.
- Think of this place
as a hole in the room.
- I love her.
- I know you do.
- Who do you think
you're protecting?
- All of you.
- When I met Elijah,
I was already married.
- Mom?
- You three are the only ones
that can stop him!
The Trinity,
blood of my blood!
Come give Mommy a kiss.
- There's something
you need to know.
- And this message, Davie,
is just for you.
- You, sir.
[cheers and applause]
I have a feeling
he's going to do great things.
- Take life now!
Take life now!
all chanting:
Take life now! Take life now!
- Mom said something
about Trinity.
- Angel, demon.
- So what's David?
- He's human.
- Promise me
you won't let me die
if I do this for you.
- Enos wants
to make a deal.
- If I go back now,
it's a death sentence.
- What if Enos can make
all that go away?
Wipe the record clean.
- A demon?
- Abigail.
- You can control her?
- Sometimes.
- Where's this retreat
supposed to happen?
- Where do you think?
- Sangolo's where
it all started,
and that's where
it's gonna end.
- If you got
trouble coming,
I wanna be there
when it happens.
- As you enter the retreat,
you may become separated from
the parties you've arrived with.
- Where'd everyone go?
[screams]
- Open this door!
- What's so important
on the other side?
- My daughter.
all: Take life now!
- I have to find
David and Grace.
- Don't you remember those
early days at Everlasting?
- Snap out of it.
- [screams]
- Die!
[cheers]
- Don't touch her!
- Dusty!
- Maria!
[indistinct chanting]
- What have you done?
- The same thing you would
have done if you had the chance.
We're finally going
to be rid of each other.
- This isn't who I want to be.
Take it back!
- This bus is going
straight to Purgatory.
- I used to be an old friend
of your boss.
- Can you save my daughter?
- Why should I?
- I'll give you my soul.
30 minutes to try to save her,
and I'll serve you and Enos
in hell till the end of time.
- Wasn't Dusty just a little
too good to be true?
Welcome home.
- [screams]
David: All this time,
the devil was closer than
Maria ever imagined.
We'd been living
right next door to hell,
and now she'd played
right into his hands,
the same as me.
The darkness our father
put inside me,
clouding my soul
and corrupting my words.
There was no point
in fighting it any more.
The devil always wins.
- It breaks my heart to see
anybody so unhappy, so lost.
- [whimpering]
- This is my family.
My precious daughter,
Maria, yes.
She has a darkness
within her.
A cancer of the soul.
And it's holding her back
from reaching her
full potential.
- [panting]
- But we are here
to rip that darkness
right out of my daughter!
To set her free,
to make her whole again.
- What have you done?
- Shh.
Darling, don't be so tedious
and accept the inevitable.
- You see that, folks?
My Maria is so full of shame
she can't even look at herself.
She needs our help,
and I can feel
the will to change
pulsing out of
every one of you.
- Oh, no.
No, no.
Not you too.
David, please.
- It's for the best, Mar.
- No.
- Please don't make this
any harder than it has to be.
You know I hate
seeing you upset.
- No!
- That's all right,
princess.
You just let it all go.
- Why?
- It's what demons do.
Bye-bye.
- Aah!
[Cross My Heart's
"Wild Side"]
¶ ¶
- ¶ I've been
on my best behavior ¶
¶ But I've heard
that good girls finish last ¶
¶ Mm, mm ¶
¶ And once you're gone ¶
¶ They say no one
can save you ¶
¶ But who knows? ¶
¶ If I go, I may never want
to ever come back ¶
¶ Oh, I just want to dance
with the Devil tonight ¶
¶ I want to know
what it feels like ¶
¶ I want to close my eyes,
put my hands in the sky ¶
¶ I want to walk
on the wild side ¶
¶ I want to dance
with the Devil tonight ¶
¶ I want to know
what it feels like ¶
¶ I want to close my eyes,
put my hands in the sky ¶
¶ I want to walk
on the wild side, oh ¶
David: Father was
rebuilding his order.
But first, he needed
more followers to be hosts
for his new army.
- What if the world
stopped demanding
and started listening
to your demands?
What if other
people's mistakes
didn't become your problems?
What if there was a way
to cut through
all the noise in your life
and find perfect peace
and clarity?
Now you can.
Let A&O cut through the noise
and help you.
Take life now!
Self-acceptance,
personal liberation,
sexual expression...
- That's right.
You ladies want drinks?
I'll have another.
- Be careful.
Sweetmouth
doesn't run tabs.
- Well, I'm good for it.
I'm good for everything.
- Mm.
- Oh, David Abascal,
look at you.
- Oh, you know, I was ready
to tear your eyes out
when you first
walked through that door.
- Baby, I deserved it
for trying to walk out
on a gorgeous creature
like you.
- I like having
my old baby back.
- Does this look like
the old David to you?
- Mm, no, it doesn't.
What are you on, coke?
Addy?
- No, no, no, no, darling,
you got it all wrong.
Have you heard about
this A&O thing?
- What is that,
one of those Tony Robbins,
self-help kinda things?
- I know, sounds like
bullshit, right?
But I'm telling you, it made
a brand-new man outta me.
I do what I want,
take what I want,
and I've never felt better.
- Oh, you make
that sound hot.
- I could use
a little of that
to help get our business
back together.
'Cause Sweetmouth's
been a little lacking
since his run-in
with the Sons.
- Where is my good friend?
- Wholesalers have been
getting cute with our supply.
Sometimes I swear we may
as well be working retail.
- But what's stopping you
from getting your very own
piece of the action?
You're the brains.
You don't need Sweetmouth.
- He'd kill me.
- You don't have to be afraid
of him anymore.
You don't have
to be afraid of anything.
That's the whole point.
Just try it.
A&O has a big retreat
going on right now,
I'm telling you.
- I am tired of being under
my daddy's thumb.
- Or Sweetmouth's thumb.
We combine our full potential,
there's nothing we can't do
or have.
- Oh, I knew from
that first moment
I saw you robbing my house,
I loved you.
- Yeah, well,
come on, ladies.
What do you say?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Abigail.
Abigail!
- She's finally gone, Mar.
You don't need Abigail anymore,
and we're home now.
The family is coming back
together.
- Don't touch me.
- Please, Mar.
- How are you, princess?
- You son of a bitch,
I'll kill you!
- Come here.
- Shh.
- Not without Abigail,
you can't.
David, why don't you go check
on our new recruits?
I think Mariah and I need
a little daddy/daughter time.
[thunder rumbling]
You're willful,
you always were,
and there's just
no pleasing you.
First, you're mad about
having a demon.
Then you're mad
when I get rid of her.
Say you want a nice guy
who will accept you
and love you
for what you are...
- And now you want
to kill me?
- Who are you really?
- I told you,
the war made me do things.
Made me hurt people,
not just the enemy.
The MPs decided to make
an example out of me.
My sentence was death,
so I prayed
to whoever was listening
and made a deal.
Enos's spirit needed
a new body, a host.
- You bastard.
- You felt loved.
How many people are lucky enough
to ever really have that?
- I believed you.
I didn't know.
- 'Cause you didn't
want to know.
Now, be honest.
Wasn't Dusty just a little
too good to be true?
- A decorated ex-Marine,
cool car,
and I know how to cook?
- I make a mean fish stew.
- You coming on to me?
- I always knew
where you were,
but you never bothered
to ask why.
I'm coming with you.
You believed it because
you wanted to.
But don't feel bad, princess.
You know what they say.
- Girls always wind up
marrying their father.
- Get away from me!
- Come on, open your heart.
- Aah!
- Where are you going, Maria?
You can't leave.
You're on an island.
- Why don't you just kill me?
- I would never kill you
or David.
Like I told you,
this is about love.
I want my family
back again.
- What about Grace?
And Bledsoe?
- Your Uncle Elijah
and your half-sister,
they're--
how shall I say this?
They're extended family.
Like I said, I would never
spill the blood of my blood,
and I'm a man of my word.
- [moans]
[kissing]
- [giggling]
[dark music]
¶ ¶
- David, there's someone
here to see you.
- Now?
- Now.
- Looking for me?
- Mm-hmm.
- [groans]
Don't finish without me.
This won't take
a minute.
- Ooh.
- Hey.
So you think
you're a ladies' man now?
Stealing my girl off to some
brainwash circle jerk
while I'm away on business?
I love Diversity.
You mess with love, Sweetmouth
will kill you, no question.
[groans]
Aah!
Oh!
- Sorry, Sweetmouth's
not Alpha material.
Clean up this mess.
- Has life lost its luster?
Is sex just going
through the motions?
Drinking just
dulling your brain?
Smoking just
making you cough?
Don't wait for hell
to freeze over.
Brighten your future with
A&O Life Success Seminars
and rediscover the thrill
of all life's earthly pleasures.
Take life now.
[dark music]
¶ ¶
It's beautiful, isn't it?
I-I don't just mean
here on Sangolo.
I mean the whole world.
Ha, it's a hell of a place.
[chuckles]
But the people,
they're all so lost.
They're denying themselves
pleasures and desires.
You go into
a beautiful park,
the first thing you see is
a list of things you can't do.
When did this act of denial
become a virtue?
And by the way,
for what?
So that God could come
at the end
and give us
a glorious reward?
I'm telling you,
the whole thing is a scam.
Take it from
someone who knows,
it doesn't get
any better than this,
right here, right now.
- What about your soul?
- Oh, princess,
you've been hanging around
with that preacher too long.
Here, come with me.
[dark music]
¶ ¶
Let me show you something
about souls.
You see...
[door slams heavily]
A soul without a body
is like a demon
without a host.
It's an idea
with no action,
thought with no form.
- Nothing personal, Maria.
- You stupid, lying--
- Just a glass.
- What is this place?
- Think of it
as a waiting room.
- Waiting for what?
- For Enos to make me
his queen.
- Oh, poor, poor Abigail.
I was just telling Maria
that souls without a body
are worthless,
and so are you.
- What are you
talking about?
- Do you really think
I care more about you
than my own daughter?
My own flesh and blood?
I just needed you
out of Maria
so I could make room
inside her for something bigger.
- That wasn't the deal.
- Here's the deal, Abby!
Later tonight,
I'm going to consume you.
Just like you've
devoured so many
of your own brothers
and sisters,
you traitorous vamp.
I will absorb her strength,
and I will find
a new demon for you,
one that knows
how to listen.
- No.
- Can you even begin
to imagine the power?
It's enough to blow open
the gates of hell
and lead my army through.
- I'll kill myself
before I let that happen.
- I couldn't recommend that.
Didn't work out
too well for your mother.
- You--you--
- Maria!
Maria, please, you have
to get me out of here!
Maria!
Maria, please!
[door closes]
- [groans]
- The Alphas will
see you shortly,
and they will help you
get ready for tonight.
Now try to be
a good girl.
- I hate you!
- Oh, hate is just
love gone bad,
and bad is
just good gone wild.
Oh, my God.
You are even more beautiful
than the first time.
[dark music]
The fight just
makes it harder.
I can't wait.
- Oh, my God.
[cries]
[suspenseful music]
¶ ¶
- ¶ Was his halo
burning bright ¶
¶ ¶
¶ Will he try
to rule my life ¶
- They got my girl.
- In a self-help program?
- I know what I saw.
- Next time you call me
on my day off
about some bogus devil cult,
I'm gonna shoot you
in the ass.
- That OxyContin
I've been slipping you,
still helping your wife
with the pain?
- I just can't
wrangle my deputies
because your girlfriend
signed up
for some freaky
weekend getaway.
- It's a lot more
than that.
I'm telling you, that place
is straight-up devious evil.
- 13 years ago we lost
a lot of good cops at Sangolo.
- And if you
don't make a move,
you're gonna lose
Charlotte there too.
- You got Roberts' daughter
mixed up with this?
- Can you save my daughter?
I'll give you my soul.
[pounding on door]
Maria!
- [giggles]
- Give me one day.
- There's no chance.
[pounding]
- Maria!
12 hours.
- I'm gonna need
a little more.
- 30 minutes, and I'll serve
you and Enos in hell
till the end of time.
[pounding]
- Bledsoe.
- We don't have much time.
- Don't let the taboos
of others rain on your parade.
Time to shine with
A&O Life Success Seminars.
Forget what society thinks.
Live the life of your dream,
free from obligation,
expectation,
public castration.
Treat yourself the way
you would like to be treated
and take life now.
[suspenseful music]
¶ ¶
- It's been a long time
since I saw you at
the Everlasting.
- You used to sit outside
with me at night,
taught me
the constellations.
- [chuckles]
Yeah, I made that all up.
- [laughs]
I know.
He doesn't tell me anything.
He keeps treating me like
the kid I was ten years ago.
- I guess that's just the way
he still remembers you.
Don't you remember those early
days at Everlasting?
How easy everything was.
It's only once we got out
into the real world
that everything got
so difficult and so confusing.
- We were just kids.
- We were free.
- Snap out of it.
- You shouldn't
have done that.
- I wasn't free.
I was his.
- I'm just trying
to help you, Grace.
Why can't you see that?
- [sighs]
[dark music]
- Gracie still
doesn't get it.
Are you sure I'm doing
the right thing?
- You've got to try harder,
son.
Angels are stubborn,
and trust me,
I married one.
- How'd you get the demon
into Mom?
- That wasn't easy.
I had to tear the angel part
out of her soul first.
- How?
- You've seen Abigail
tearing demons out of people.
It's just the same.
It's just a little...
messier.
- And after,
she'll be happy again?
- You can do it, son.
He me on with my jacket,
will you, David?
[dark music]
¶ ¶
How do I look?
- They're gonna love you.
[dramatic music]
¶ ¶
- My magnificent beauties.
I must admit, my son has
wonderful taste in women.
But the night is young.
There's so much more life
to take.
The time has almost come
for you both to be reborn,
to shed your old lives forever.
No more obstacles,
no more blocks.
Just power.
Because tonight
you will become a new host
for who you
really want to be.
I think you're both
perfectly ripe
to become new members
of my exclusive club.
It's a very, very, very
powerful group.
Shall we begin?
Feel like the deck is always
stacked against you?
Time to make your own luck
with A&O Life Success Seminar.
We've got everything covered:
self-acceptance,
personal liberation,
sexual expression.
Sign up today
and take life now.
[dark music]
¶ ¶
- How did you get away
from Enos?
[door opens]
- I saw what he wrote for Grace
on the security monitors,
but David was there too.
- That's not David.
The demon inside of him has
completely taken him over.
- Then you're gonna have
to rip it out.
- How am I supposed
to do that?
- You know how.
Look, I'm sorry, Maria,
but this is the only way.
- Maria.
- I should leave you
here to die.
- What did you expect?
Loyalty?
All you've ever done is
treat me like a parasite.
But we both know you wouldn't
be standing here now
if you didn't need me.
You're nothing without me.
- Shut up!
- You want me back?
Then I want you to say it.
Say you need me.
[tense music]
Tell me I'll always
be a part of you!
- [screams]
¶ ¶
- You okay?
- It's okay, Rev.
Abigail's back,
and we're both hungry.
- Has your life gone...
[strumming discordantly]
Ooh, out of tune?
Find harmony with A&O.
Let all your hang-ups go.
Bring on the sex,
line up some blow.
Take life now...
¶ ¶
With A&O.
Now that's music to my ears!
[dark music]
¶ ¶
- Since when do devil
worshippers drive golf carts?
- Excuse me, but this
is private property.
- You took some of Sweetmouth's
private property.
- How can I help you,
officer?
- My friend Otis here
believes that his girlfriend
is being held inside
against her will.
- Well, this young man
was clearly high on drugs
and got into a fight
with our staff.
- I don't use
my own product.
- We have over
a hundred disciples
who have paid a great deal
to be here,
so I can assure you,
no one's holding anyone captive.
But, officer, you're
welcome to take a look
wherever you like.
- It's okay.
Thank you very much.
When a smug yemi like that
tells you that it's okay
for you to look
anywhere you want,
she's hoping you won't.
[dark music]
¶ ¶
- I know you're scared.
I was scared too at first.
Come out, come out,
come out, angel.
[crunch]
- Ow!
I tried to be nice.
Now I'm gonna
rip out your angel
and make you
watch me eat it.
- Get off of her!
- Please!
- No...
- Gracie.
- I'm not gonna let you tear
this family apart again.
- You're not a part
of this family.
- Don't say that.
I'm your brother.
- You're not David!
You're just a shadow
wearing his face.
You're nothing.
You're a lie.
[suspenseful music]
¶ ¶
[both grunting]
- No, we got rid of you.
That's what Maria wanted.
Get out of my sister, Abigail.
- Aah!
Oh!
¶ ¶
[both grunting]
- Maria isn't
your sister demon.
I am!
[growling]
[epic music]
[demon screaming]
- [moaning]
- What do you see?
- I see infinity.
- Say it!
- I'm yours forever.
[moaning]
[dramatic music]
Ah...
- [laughs]
- [growls]
- What did you do?
- Don't worry, there's more
than one way to get the gift.
Now you let me in.
- No.
- Think of it like
a mosquito bite.
- No!
- Itching is more--
is more pleasure than pain.
- No!
- Shh, relax, sweetheart.
Just give into it.
- Stop!
- Shh.
- No, I don't want this!
- It's like...
I could see everything
happening around me,
but I couldn't do anything
to stop it.
- It's all right now.
- It's not all right.
'Cause there was a part of me
didn't want to stop it.
- I live with that feeling
every day.
Remember what you told me
after Spencer got killed?
- It wasn't your fault.
- It wasn't your fault,
David.
[poignant music]
I love you.
- I love you too.
¶ ¶
I'm so sorry.
Can you ever forgive me?
- Your brother and sister
need you now.
[stirring music]
¶ ¶
- You feel that?
- Yes.
[epic music]
¶ ¶
- [gasps]
Damn it!
- No!
- Hush, stop.
- Anything wrong, sir?
- She just doesn't seem
as ripe as I thought.
Stay with her.
- He can feel us.
Enos.
- Then he knows
we're coming for him.
- Let's get that bastard.
[exciting music]
- Let me go!
Diversity, please!
Help me!
- First I want
another taste.
- Get your hands off
Miss Roberts.
Step away from the girls.
[gunshots]
- Oh!
Oh, my God!
- Come on, it's okay.
It's okay.
Come on, let's get you home.
Come on.
- [whimpering]
- Diversity, you okay, baby?
- My Sweetmouth.
- Oh, not you too.
- I feel tingly.
Mm.
[dark music]
¶ ¶
- Ah, Sweetmouth likes this.
- Mm-hmm.
This is better than any designer
drug we could have made.
- Then let's go spread
some happiness.
- The heart of this place
fits right on top of the biggest
hell gate that there is,
right where the old
altar used to be.
- Then that's
where he'll be,
and that's where
we take him out.
- [coughing]
- Dad.
Are you okay?
- I'm fine, Gracie.
I'm fine.
But we need to hurry, baby.
Not much time left.
- What do you mean?
- Nothing.
Just come on, let's go.
- ¶ Hush little baby,
don't say a word ¶
¶ Papa's gonna make you
queen of the world ¶
¶ And when that whole world
goes to hell ¶
¶ You'll still be under
Daddy's spell ¶
[vocalizing]
¶ ¶
¶ Hush little baby,
don't say a word ¶
¶ Papa's gonna make you
queen of the world ¶
Obviously, it's supposed
to be a celebration dinner.
It's almost ready.
Not much time left
until the meat's done.
Matter of fact, I think
my watch might be a little slow.
What time do you have, Elijah?
Tick, tock, tick, tock.
- Shut your mouth.
- Why keep secrets?
You ought to be proud,
Reverend.
That was one hell of a gamble.
- What is he talking about?
- I have to admit,
the boss downstairs,
she knows her business,
and killing you was one thing,
but owning your soul forever,
now that's revenge.
- No, Dad, please,
take it back.
- I can't.
- So what do you say
we all make the most
of his last precious minutes?
- That's more time
than you'll have!
This ends right now.
- Come and get it!
So wonderful
to see you all again.
- Mom?
- That smells heavenly,
darling.
Doesn't she look
just fantastic?
- Oh, thank you, honey.
Please, sit.
- This can't be real.
I watched you get dragged
away down in hell.
You're dead.
- She's as alive
as you are, princess.
For now.
But if you three
pull the plug on me,
then Mommy goes too,
and you don't want to lose
her again, do you, kids?
- You're a coward.
- You've won.
The Trinity is complete.
Now all I'm asking for
is a final request.
Can't we all just have one last
meal together as a real family?
- Screw you!
- David--
- Honey, I just need to look at
my babies a little bit longer.
- Okay.
- Please, sit, Maria.
David, darling.
Gracie.
- The second
he tries anything,
we take him out.
You know what to do.
- Gracie.
- Right by me.
- And Elijah...
you look as handsome
as you did
the day our little angel
was born.
- I dreamed about seeing you
again since the day you left.
I took the cloth hoping that
would be my reward in Heaven.
I'm not ready to leave yet.
- Don't be afraid
of what's coming next.
Enos showed me a world
without worry or consequence.
A world of bliss
and tranquility.
The most beautiful thing
I've ever seen.
- That's right, my love.
- It's a lie.
- Please don't call
your mother a liar.
Now...
who likes theirs rare?
- I missed this,
all of us together.
- Mom.
Have you forgotten
what he did to you?
[dark music]
He hurt you.
He hurt all of us.
- This isn't right.
Mom, this is just the evil
he put inside you.
This is your fear talking,
your demon.
- Can't we all just try
and enjoy this moment?
- Just like when we all used
to pretend we couldn't hear it
whenever Dad beat
the hell out of you?
- David, Maria, that's not--
- I warned you not to upset
your mother at the dinner table.
My God, do you children have
any idea how spoiled you sound?
"Mommy and Daddy
were fighting."
I gave you kids everything,
the keys to
the whole damn world!
- I never asked you
for anything!
- No, you just took it all
and ran,
you ungrateful little tramp.
- You say one more word
about my sister--
- And you'll do what,
stab her in the back again?
And don't cry to me
about hearing your mother
get taught a lesson,
just because you didn't
have the balls
to do anything about it.
- I'm twice the man
you ever were.
- Is that true, Gracie?
- You bastard!
Aghh!
- Dad.
- Uh-oh.
Your 30 minutes
are up, Elijah,
which means time's up for you
and your little angel.
Bye-bye, Trinity.
[yells]
[screaming]
- Gracie, no!
- No, no, no!
- Grace--we need you!
- We need you!
- No!
- Go, Grace.
- Grace!
- Go. I love you.
- Oh!
[groaning]
- [choking]
- Hold them!
[screaming]
[both groaning]
- Oh, no!
[screaming]
[all panting]
[tense music]
¶ ¶
- It's all right.
- I can't believe
we did it.
- Almost too easy.
- Hold up.
- Charlotte.
- Be quiet, son.
So, Miss Roberts has just
told me quite a story
about what it is
you Abascals do.
I'm not gonna pretend to
understand what happened here.
I just want to know
that it's over.
- I hope,
but I'm not sure.
- Are you okay?
- Are you, um...
are you normal again?
- Yeah, I think so.
What happened to
Diversity?
- She and Sweetmouth
disappeared.
- Nothing ever ends.
- There's gonna be
a lot of questions
once the state police
show up.
Might be best if you're
not here to answer 'em.
Come on, we'll get you
outta here.
[gentle music]
¶ ¶
- [sobs]
- I'm so sorry, Grace.
- I have no one.
I'm an orphan.
- This is your family now.
¶ ¶
He was right here,
watching us the whole time.
- Open it.
[voices chanting]
- Poor princess.
You didn't really think
it would be that easy, did you?
I hope you enjoyed
you little dream
after you passed out
on the altar.
- [screaming]
- But now it's time to wake up
and let the real
nightmare begin.
- [screaming]
[chanting continues]
- [screams]
[tense music]
¶ ¶
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org